Fixed #1682 -- alert user when using file field without proper encoding (#1933)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/panels.rst

The following panels are enabled by default.

Alerts
~~~~~~~

.. class:: debug_toolbar.panels.alerts.AlertsPanel

> This panel shows alerts for a set of pre-defined issues. Currently, the only
> issue it checks for is the encoding of a form that takes a file input not
> being set to ``multipart/form-data``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This panel shows alerts for a set of pre-defined cases:

- Alerts when the response has a form without the
  ``enctype="multipart/form-data"`` attribute and the form contains
  a file input
```

I think it's prudent to start listing them off from the start.
